PAASTA-18875: Making max surge configurable (#4299)
Yelp/paasta: docs/source/bouncing.rst

In PaaSTA Tron jobs are simply configured to use new code or config **on the
next execution of the job**. In progress jobs are not adjusted or killed.

Controlling Surge During Bounces
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

By default, PaaSTA allows up to 100% extra instances during a bounce. This behaviour can be tuned using the ``max_surge``

> option in your service's config.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, PaaSTA attempts to start as many replicas as were previously running during a bounce at once. If your service (among other reasons) is large and/or lives in a small pool, you can tune how many replicas PaaSTA will essentially "overprovision" during a bounce with the ``max_surge`` option
```

> See yelpsoa_configs for more details.

Reviewer: just fyi: we can link to the relevant section with something like https://github.com/Yelp/paasta/blob/f0db5744d5d16df3c93c72d09620612794ecfc57/docs/source/bouncing.rst?plain=1#L146 :D

In PaaSTA Tron jobs are simply configured to use new code or config **on the
next execution of the job**. In progress jobs are not adjusted or killed.

Controlling Surge During Bounces
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

By default, PaaSTA attempts to start as many replicas as were previously running during a bounce at once.
If your service (among other reasons) is large and/or lives in a small pool, you can tune how many replicas PaaSTA will

> essentially "overprovision" during a bounce with the ``max_surge`` option

Reviewer: ```suggestion
essentially "overprovision" during a bounce with the ``bounce_overprovision_percent`` option
```

Reviewer: although, having this new name be right next to `bounce_margin_factor` makes me think we should go for `bounce_overprovision_factor` for consistency :p

> essentially "overprovision" during a bounce with the ``max_surge`` option

Reviewer: ```suggestion
essentially "overprovision" during a bounce with the ``bounce_overprovision_factor`` option
```
